Add active_series_additional_custom_trackers config option (#10428)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [ENHANCEMENT] OTLP: In addition to the flag `-distributor.otel-created-timestamp-zero-ingestion-enabled` there is now `-distributor.otel-start-time-quiet-zero` to convert OTel start timestamps to Prometheus QuietZeroNaNs. This flag is to make the change rollout safe between Ingesters and Distributors. #10238
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler: When rule concurrency is enabled for a rule group, its rules will now be reordered and run in batches based on their dependencies. This increases the number of rules that can potentially run concurrently. Note that the global and tenant-specific limits still apply #10400
* [ENHANCEMENT] Query-frontend: include more information about read consistency in trace spans produced when using experimental ingest storage. #10412

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: add `active_series_additional_custom_trackers` configuration, in addition to the already existing `active_series_custom_trackers`. The `active_series_additional_custom_trackers` configuration allows to configures additional custom trackers that gets merged with `active_series_custom_trackers` at runtime. #10428

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ingester: add `active_series_additional_custom_trackers` configuration, in addition to the already existing `active_series_custom_trackers`. The `active_series_additional_custom_trackers` configuration allows you to configure additional custom trackers that get merged with `active_series_custom_trackers` at runtime. #10428
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/10428/commits/b66faea0d175b7d3cbe72bb40f014b00b52df972
